Logs: Buffer log state values to fix disposing HttpContext (#2932)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

* Make `IResourceDetector` public to allow custom implementations of resource detectors.
  ([2897](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/2897))

> * `BatchLogRecordExportProcessor` will now buffer log states to fix issues with

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* `BatchLogRecordExportProcessor` now buffers log states to fix issues with
```

Author: Updated
